hello this is says from here by simply
so I'm gonna talk about hair growth
today how to get your hair to grow at
its fastest rate and to retain the
growth that you're actually growing
because everybody's hair is going to
grow but you can slightly manipulate the
growth rate but when your hair is
growing you also want to be able to
retain the length that you're growing
too so you're not just growing and
breaking at the same time so the first
most vital thing about growing your hair
at its fastest rate is what you're
putting into your body what you put into
your body is going to reflect what your
body is doing on the outside so drink a
lot of water
simple simple simple everybody has water
drink lots of water this is my infused
water I drink these every morning and it
just kind of helps detox it cleans your
body out really nice just so you're not
holding on to all of those toxins that
processed foods and all of these things
put into your body because like I said
what you put into your body reflects on
the outside so drinking water helps to
rid your body of all of those
unnecessary toxins enabling your hair to
grow at its rate that it should be at
the capacity as well as for your skin
it's wonderful for your skin wonderful
for your nails so water water water is
fundamental for hair growth altogether
as well as eating right I mean of course
eating green leafy vegetables staying
away from processed foods fried foods
juices sodas all of that all that is
gonna put toxins into your body that are
unnecessary and you need to get rid of
those
Mushmouth get rid of them so your body
can be performing at its highest
capacity consciousness wise skin wide
terrorized all of that so that's the
first factor in getting your hair to
grow as fast as it possibly can now the
next thing to retain that length once
you're growing it is protective styling
so protective styling is styling that
helps your hair hold in the moisture in
style so braids twist things like that
are wonderful protective styles unless
they are so small that they're ripping
your edges out or the back your hair out
or something like that that is not a
good protective style if you're gonna do
braids or gonna be twist make sure your
hair is really condition before you get
them done and pay attention that to the
hair that is being used as well because
it can snag and break your hair while
it's in so you want to give your hair
some really good protection me my
favorite protective style from my
particular hair type if I give myself
either two twists or two brave straight
to the back I co-wash first put some
moisturizer on a little bit of light oil
on my ends twist it back bobby pin it up
and I'm good to go
especially during the winter time it's
not so vital during the summer because
summer months the air isn't it's harsh
on your hair and skin but winter months
are so so so harsh on your hair and skin
you have to protect your hair really
well or it's gonna be ate up by the
springtime so winter time
protective protective protective style
so the by the spring you got a long
flowing hair you know that's what we
want
so we've drinking our water we
protective styling the next thing is
keep your hair from breaking do gentle
gentle gentle styling gentle
manipulation whether it's summer winter
time we don't want to vigorously attack
your hair don't shampoo vigorously don't
condition bigger ously none of that
stuff if it sounds harsh nine times out
of ten it is harsh for your hair so do
soft manipulation so if you're in the
shower and you're shampooing you should
only be shampooing your Scout anyway and
give yourself with the buds of your
fingers massage really really well the
shampoo into your scalp never put it on
top of your head and it's breaking the
hair don't do it and even when you're
detangling regardless of your hair
texture don't just get out the shower
and just try to comb through the hair
first spread good leave-in detangler
then
finger comb finger comb through the hair
as much as possible better remove all of
those like the tangled hair all of the
hair that's already shedding anyway
normally because you normally lose about
a hundred strands a day healthily so
that's fine to lose but kind of pull
through your hair with your fingers
before you get the combs and brushes out
and try to tag-team through the hair
that will save you a lot of hair and
breakage in the end because like I said
if your hair is growing but you're
breaking it is fast if it's growing or
even faster you're gonna seem as if your
hair isn't growing at all when that's
hair that you could be holding on to and
retaining so think gentle the most
gentle the better think even with hair
styling don't use a lot of high heat
don't use a lot of alcohol driven
products like spritz and gels and
mousses and things because they make
your hair even more hard and more
brittle so your hair is more prone to
break off so try to keep a hold of all
of the hair that you are growing because
it will be vital for you you will see a
difference in it
so that's why we recommend as well I
always recommend all of my clients sleep
with a satin bonnet or a satin
pillowcase because when you sleep on a
cotton pillowcase those fibers in cotton
snag you see those holes so there your
hair can get caught in those and it's
gonna snag your hair and break your hair
off as if you have a satin pillowcase or
buying it on it's just gonna slide
across the threads or tight and more
tightly wound so your hair can't get
caught in them so those are great tips
that will help you retain your hair
growth and grow your hair if you have
any questions of course check the
website ww-why specially calm or come
visit us at our wonderful salon today
thank you and have a great weekend
you